---
layout: post
title: "Isolate and protect yours"
date: 2025-02-14 12:45:13 -0300
categories: transgender
---

It's common sense that the world is full of bigotry. Yes it is. 
However, friendly-fire and getting attacked in places I didn't expect hits
me very hard. 

Like that one post on r/arco_iris where someone said that "there is too many
letters on the LGBTQIA+". The person continued to distill non-binary and 
assexual invalidation, to the point that made me just give up and block the
subreddit. 

Or when I posted a "hot-take" about LLMs and a transfeminine person decided
to compare me with Ted Kaczynski, posting his horrible mugshot.

Or even when I posted a picture of my surgery results on r/Transgender_Surgeries
and a person complained that I was "showing my insecurities" by posting a rather
lewd selfie.

And last but not least, the pro-LGB gays who think trans people should be erased.
The ones who are erasing transgender references from Stonewall. 

And the ones who've been saying that "isolating ourselves behind identitarianism"
only fractures the left. 

I've reached a point where I can't care anymore. I don't want to be part of your
community. I don't want to be your token. I don't want to fall under your
umbrella. Even if that means isolating, even if that means protecting my 
individuality. Even if that means delaying the revolution and fragmenting the 
working class.

The ones who blatantly and hypocritically created that "No one let go of 
anyone's hand" are the ones who threw us into the lion's cage.

LGBTQIA+ my arse. If you only care about the cis-passing, less queer people in
the community, sorry to say that – you're no better than a bigot. 

In the last few weeks I've been deleting my social media accounts. Not only
because of the bigot who run the platforms, but also because the rats who we
thought we could trust. 

I'm definitely isolating. I don't want to hear you anymore. I only care for my
friends and family. The ones who are already in my life and who support me and 
I support them. I will fight for them. I will resist for them. 

But when the lion comes running for you, dear cis LGB anti-trans colleagues
and anyone else who makes fun of queer people (whethe you are also trans or not),
you'll definitely regret your decisions.
